# myODEInt, myLeapfrog, myVelVerlet

## Loaded Schooner modules

* GCCcore/9.3.0
* zlib/1.2.11-GCCcore-9.3.0
* binutils/2.34-GCCcore-9.3.0
* iccifort/2020.1.217
* impi/2019.7.217-iccifort-2020.1.217
* iimpi/2020a
* imkl/2020.1.217-iimpi-2020a
* ncurses/6.2-GCCcore-9.3.0
* bzip2/1.0.8-GCCcore-9.3.0
* cURL/7.69.1-GCCcore-9.3.0
* CMake/3.16.4-GCCcore-9.3.0
* python/anaconda3

## Compiling the code

All programs may be compiled at once from *root* directory using the Makefile
with just a `make all` command. This generates "./bin/*.o" files for the
implementations as well as the final executables, "./bin/myODEInt",
"./bin/myLeapfrog", and "./bin/myVelVerlet".

## Running the code

The initial position and velocity, mass, number of points for the solution, and
ODEINT relative tolerance and minimum step size ratio may all be altered in the
file "./config/params". This file is read during runtime, so you don't have to
recompile when changing these parameters.

From the *root* directory (it must be from the base directory) of the files
given, each of the executables may be run with `./bin/myODEInt`,
`./bin/myLeapfrog`, or `./bin/myVelVerlet` (depending on the method you want).
These executables generate data ("./output/*.dat") files containing the
solution.

The data may be plotted using the "./plot.py" script. This is run with
`python plot.py` from the root directory. The saved plots are located in
"./doc/figs/".

I have also included a "./run_full" bash script that executes all of the
aformentioned executables as well as plots them. This is just run using
`./run_full` in the root directory.

## Elements

* `./config/` : Contains parameter information.

* `./bin/` : Created upon compiling with `make` or `make all`. Contains
             binaries/executables (the programs).

* `./doc/` : Contains results and the description of the assignment.

* `./output/` : Created upon compiling with `make` or `make all`. Contains
                the data files generated by the programs.

* `./src/` : The source code.
